UI: Keep the compat overlay slot accessible inside Modal (#80310)
WordPress/gutenberg: packages/ui/CHANGELOG.md

## Unreleased

### Bug Fixes

> -   Keep overlays in the compat overlay slot available to assistive technologies inside `@wordpress/components` Modal ([#80310](https://github.com/WordPress/gutenberg/pull/80310)).

Reviewer: Something like that?

```suggestion
-   Keep overlays in the compat overlay slot available to assistive technologies when used alongside `@wordpress/components` Modal ([#80310](https://github.com/WordPress/gutenberg/pull/80310)).
```
